Aerobic exercise, Strength exercise, Balance exercise, Flexibility exercise are different types of exercises.
Elliptical Machine, Treadmill, Stationary Bike., Tone Your Thighs and Legs are used at the gym for thinner thighs.
Running, Brisk walking, Swimming,Biking, Working out on cardio equipment, Aerobic classes are some examples of cardio exercises.
you must provide your body with proper rest and nutrition. Cardiovascular exercise is essential for weight loss, Squat, Bench Press, Wide-Grip Pullup, Bicycles are necessary to loose weight at gym.
Treadmill, Stair Mill, Rowing Machine, Spin Bike, Jacob's Ladder, Skiers, ARC Trainer, Elliptical are the machines used at the gym to loose weight
Running, Treadmill for 5-10 minutes.One set of each of Leg Press, Lying Leg Curls, Wide-Grip Lat Pulldown, Butterfly, Triceps, Pushdown - Rope Attachment, Machine Bicep Curl, Machine Shoulder (Military) Press are the gym workouts for beginners.
Abdominal Contractions, Wall Push-Ups, Pelvic Tilts, Shoulder Blade Squeeze, Toe Taps, Heel Raises, Knee Lifts, Shoulder and Upper Back Stretch, Ankle Rotations, Neck Stretch, Upper Back, Balance Boosters, Shifting Weight, Single Leg Balance are the general workouts for beginners.
Toe Touches, Sit-ups and Leg Lifts are bad exercises for people suffering from back pain
Partial Crunches, Hamstring Stretches, Wall Sits, Press-up Back Extensions exercises can be tried for people having lower back pain.
Baseline recommended daily macros: 2,500 calories, 218g carbs, 218g protein, 83g fat.
Meal 1: Contains starchy carbs,
Meal 1: Granola and scrambled eggs,
Meal 2: Double chocolate cherry smoothie,
Meal 3: Bibb lettuce burger,
Meal 4: Post-workout nutrition,
Meal 5: Grilled shrimp with spinach salad and brown rice is the recommended diet plan  for gym goers.
10. what are the Benefits of gym exercises
Reduce stress, Boost happy chemicals, Improve self-confidence, Enjoy the great outdoors, Prevent cognitive decline, Alleviate anxiety, Boost brainpower, Sharpen memory, Help control addiction, Increase relaxation, Get more done, Tap into creativity, Inspire others are the benefits of gym exercises.
100 calories per mile are burned for an 180-pound person and 65 calories per mile for a 120-pound person.
if you walk briskly for 30 minutes and include enough activity throughout the day to reach the combined total of 10,000 steps, you're burning about 400 to 500 calories a day, which means you're losing one pound each week.
Walking improves circulation,Walking shores up your bones,  Walking leads to a longer life, Walking lightens mood, Walking can lead to weight loss, Walking strengthens muscles, Walking improves sleep, Walking supports your joints, Walking improves your breath, Walking slows mental decline Walking lowers Alzheimer’s risk, Walking helps you do more, longer are benefits of walking
yoga includes breath control, meditation and bodily postures.
yoga originated in India.
beginner poses in yoga are bridge pose, cat pose, fish pose, cobra pose and gate pose
bridge pose can cause neck sprain.
bridge pose is good for digestion and cures asthma and high blood pressure.
cat pose is good for spine and belly organs.
cat pose can cause neck sprain.
cobra pose should not be done during pregnancy.
cobra pose strengthens the spine and relieves stress and fatigue
fish pose should not be doe by people with low blood pressure.
fish pose cures constipation and is good for fatigue and anxiety
gate pose should not be done by people with knee injury.
gate pose is good for stretching torso and spine.
yoga pose for stress is toe squat which can be done by tucking your toes under the knees and balancing yourself on your heels.
best yoga pose for kids is bow pose which can be done by sleeping on your front and lifting your legs and supporting it with your hands.
best yoga pose for older people is tree pose and mountain pose.
tree pose is good for leg and abdominal strength.
mountain pose prevents older people from sloutching
cat pose is good for lower back pain
shoulder rolls is good for neck pain
big toe pose is good for curing headache
aerobic exercise improves the symptoms of depression
aerobic exercise can help lower your cholesterol, reduce your risk of type 2 diabetes, improve your immune function, and lower your blood pressure
Aerobic exercise burns up calories, which can in turn help you shed excess weight
warrior pose is good for reducing weight
warrior pose should not be done if you have diarrhea or high blood pressure
child pose is good for improving stamina
bridge pose is good for heart
cobra pose and bridge pose are good for lungs
aerobics should not be done by people which breathing problems

